README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

initial commit A small project that had here abbandoned, was cleaning and tyding up, found it polished a bit and uploaded

README.md, after:

# Pomodoro Todo List 🕒📋

Welcome to Pomodoro Todo List app! This app combines a sleek pomodoro timer with a versatile to-do list, aiding you in staying focused and organized throughout your day. Whether you're tackling work tasks, keeping up with your fitness routine, or scheduling some downtime, this app is here to help you manage it all in style!

## Features

- **Pomodoro Timer**: Cycle through focus and pause intervals automatically with customizable settings for durations and repetitions. 🍅
- **Dynamic To-Do List**: Add tasks and subtasks, categorize them, and mark them as completed with just a few clicks. ✅
- **Stylish UI**: Enjoy a unique "neobrutalist" design that's both eye-catching and functional. 🎨
- **Fully Responsive**: Designed to work seamlessly on both desktop and mobile devices. 📱💻

## Tech Stack

- **Next.js**: The React framework for production.
- **TypeScript**: Strongly typed programming language that builds on JavaScript, giving you better tooling at any scale.
- **ShadcnUI**: A custom UI library for creating unique, neobrutalist designs.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for rapidly building custom designs.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have a suggestion or an improvement, feel free to fork the repo and submit a pull request. You can also open an issue with the tag "enhancement". Don't forget to give the project a star! ⭐


## Acknowledgments

- Inspired by the traditional Pomodoro Technique for productivity.
- Thanks to [Lucide Icons](https://lucide.dev/) for the beautiful iconography.



Happy tasking! 🚀
